_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

- I am an MSCS student at [Columbia University](https://www.columbia.edu/), where I am fortunate to be jointly advised by Prof. [Tal Malkin](http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~tal/) and Prof. [Eran Tromer](https://www.tau.ac.il/~tromer/).

- I also work part time as a research scientist trainee at [Duality Technologies Inc.](https://dualitytech.com/), where I am fortunate to be supervised by Dr. [Yuriy Polyakov](https://ypolyakov.gitlab.io/), and to work with Prof. [Daniele Micciancio](https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~daniele/).

- My main research interests lie in the general area of cryptography, including lattice-based cryptography, blockchain-based cryptographic protocols, information-theoretic cryptography, quantum cryptography, and differential privacy. Most of my recent research projects focus on Fully Homomorphic Encryption schemes and their applications. Please see [here](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/publications/) for details.

# More about me

- Please see my CV [here](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/files/CV.pdf) for more details.

# News

- I am joining the [Yale Applied Cryptography Laboratory
(YACL)](http://yacl.cs.yale.edu/) starting fall 2022 as a Ph.D. student! 

- Our paper about [symmetric PIR](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/publications/paper3XSPIR) got accepted to [ESORICS 2022](https://esorics2022.compute.dtu.dk/).

- I recently received a [scholarship](https://grants.zfnd.org/proposals/470030928) from [Zcash Open Major Grants (ZOMG)](https://zcashomg.org/) to support the first year of my (to-be-determined) PhD program.

Commit message:

adding news and some other changes

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

- I am joining  the [Yale Applied Cryptography Laboratory (YACL)](http://yacl.cs.yale.edu/) starting fall 2022 as a Ph.D. student. Prior to that, I obtained my Master's degree from [Columbia University](https://www.columbia.edu/), where I am fortunate to be jointly advised by Prof. [Tal Malkin](http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~tal/) and Prof. [Eran Tromer](https://www.tau.ac.il/~tromer/). 

- I also work part time as a researcher at [Duality Technologies Inc.](https://dualitytech.com/), where I am fortunate to be supervised by Dr. [Yuriy Polyakov](https://ypolyakov.gitlab.io/), and to work with Prof. [Daniele Micciancio](https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~daniele/).

- My main research interests lie in the general area of cryptography, including lattice-based cryptography, blockchain-based cryptographic protocols, zero-knowledge proofs, and so on. Most of my recent research projects focus on Fully Homomorphic Encryption schemes and their applications. Please see [here](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/publications/) for details.

# More about me

- Please see my CV [here](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/files/CV.pdf) for more details.

# News

- Our paper [OMR](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/publications/paper1OMR) got accepted to [CRYPTO 2022](https://crypto.iacr.org/2022/).

- I just received the Andrew P. Kosoresow Memorial Award for Excellence in Teaching and Service at Columbia university.

- I am joining the [Yale Applied Cryptography Laboratory (YACL)](http://yacl.cs.yale.edu/) starting fall 2022 as a Ph.D. student! Already met the amazing co-directors of YACL, [Ben Fisch](https://sites.google.com/site/benafisch) and [Charalampos (Babis) Papamanthou](https://www.cs.yale.edu/homes/cpap/). Looking forward to meeting and working with other members!

- Our paper about [symmetric PIR](https://zeyuthomasliu.github.io/publications/paper3XSPIR) got accepted to [ESORICS 2022](https://esorics2022.compute.dtu.dk/).

- I recently received a [scholarship](https://grants.zfnd.org/proposals/470030928) from [Zcash Open Major Grants (ZOMG)](https://zcashomg.org/) to support the sixth year of my PhD program.

<!-- # Acknowledgement

- Sincerely and deeply thank every other school that sent me an offer for my Ph.D. applications. The application process is tough and stressful for a majority of applicants (surely including me). The emails containing interviews and offers were particularly reassuring. Special thanks to [Riad](https://wahby.net/), [Elaine](http://elaineshi.com/) and [Aayush](https://sites.google.com/view/aayushjain/home) at CMU for their patience and constant help during my application and deicison process. -->
